# UDACITY Data Analysis Nanodegree Program

## Project 3: Analyze A/B Test Results

### Abdishakur Yoonis


This project will assure I have mastered the subjects covered in the statistics lessons.  The hope is to have this project be as comprehensive of these topics as possible.

## Table of Contents
- [Introduction](#intro)
- [Part I - Probability](#probability)
- [Part II - A/B Test](#ab_test)
- [Part III - Regression](#regression)


<a id='intro'></a>
### Introduction

A/B tests are very commonly performed by data analysts and data scientists.

For this project, I will be working to understand the results of an A/B test run by an e-commerce website.  My goal is to work through this notebook to help the company understand if they should implement the new page, keep the old page, or perhaps run the experiment longer to make their decision.

For this particular project, I will be working along side quizzes to check the answers to statistical calculations and tests. Certain parts of the project will ask that I answer the quiz questions. Thus, all answers in this project are correct.

**As you work through this notebook, follow along in the classroom and answer the corresponding quiz questions associated with each question.** The labels for each classroom concept are provided for each question.  This will assure me are on the right track as I work through the project, and I can feel more confident in my final submission meeting the criteria.  As a final check, assure I meet all the criteria on the [RUBRIC](https://review.udacity.com/#!/projects/37e27304-ad47-4eb0-a1ab-8c12f60e43d0/rubric).


<a id='probability'></a>
#### Part I - Probability

The sampling distribution of conversion rate differences for both the treatment and control groups is shown above. We used a 95 percent confidence interval to plot the lower and upper bounds. The observed difference in the mean conversion rate for both the treatment and control groups is -0.001578, showing that conversion rates for the treatment group/new page are higher than those for the control group/old page. The sampling distribution of difference in means generated by bootstrapping, however, contradicts this. The trust interval does not include all values that are less than 0.
### Part II - A/B Test

Notice that because of the time stamp associated with each event, you could technically run a hypothesis test continuously as each observation was observed.  

However, then the hard question is do you stop as soon as one page is considered significantly better than another or does it need to happen consistently for a certain amount of time?  How long do you run to render a decision that neither page is better than another?  

These questions are the difficult parts associated with A/B tests in general.  


`1.` For now, I will consider the need to make the decision just based on all the data provided.  If I want to assume that the old page is better unless the new page proves to be definitely better at a Type I error rate of 5%, what should the null and alternative hypotheses be? I can state my hypothesis in terms of words or in terms of **$p_{old}$** and **$p_{new}$**, which are the converted rates for the old and new pages.

-  **Hypothesis**

  $$H_0: p_{new} \leq p_{old}$$

  $$H_1: p_{new} > p_{old}$$

-  **In other words**

  $$H_0: p_{new} - p_{old} \leq 0$$

  $$H_1: p_{new} - p_{old} > 0$$
  
### Part III - A regression approach

`1.` In this final part, I will see that the result I acheived in the previous A/B test can also be acheived by performing regression.<br><br>

a. Since each row is either a conversion or no conversion, what type of regression is appropriate for this case?

**Answer:** Logistic regression has been implemented because of this scenario and **Logistic Regression Model** is used to examine the association of (categorical or continuous) independent variable(s) with one dependent variable.

